# Testing Manual (Habits CLI v0.1)

> Testing instructions for Habits CLI release `v0.1-2xx-alpha`.

---

Thank you for your participation in the Habits CLI v0.1-alpha testing! Before you continue, please make sure that you applied for access to the test server, and you are eligible to participate in this test.

The testing of habits CLI begins on September 3rd, 2021. Test session will end on September 6th, 2021 at 10:00 PM. During the time window of this test, please use the habits CLI normally, and report any issues or feature requests to [this page](https://github.com/lanyanxiang/habits-cli/issues).

## Begin Testing

To begin, please read the overview of the Habits app: https://lanyanxiang.github.io/habits-cli/#/README.

Then, install the Habits CLI by following the installation guide: https://lanyanxiang.github.io/habits-cli/#/installation.

You may also view the change log of this release to learn more about this patch: https://lanyanxiang.github.io/habits-cli/#/change-logs/v0.1.

## Activate Your Test Session

```bash
habits invitation activate <email>
```

or

```bash
habits invitation activate
```

...and you will be prompted for your email.

## Testing Hints

The habits CLI group commands into categories. The syntax for accessing a command is usually

```bash
habits <...category> <command>
```

For example, to sign up, you may run

```bash
habits auth signup
```

where **"auth"** is the command category, and **"signup"** is the name of the command.

When in doubt, notice that you can pass the option `-h` or `--help` to any command or command category.
For example,

```bash
habits -h
```

will show the available commands that follows `habits`, and the help message of

```bash
habits auth -h
```

will show the available commands that follows `habits auth`.

If the `-h` or `--help` option is passed into the bottom-level command, for example `habits auth signup --help`, then a description of the command, together with possible options and arguments will be shown.

## Your Tasks

First, ensure that you understand what the app is about and  the goals that it trys to achieve. Recall that [this information page](https://lanyanxiang.github.io/habits-cli/#/README) has what you need to know.

Then, please go over each command and use this app as if you are building habits or keeping track of personal TODO lists yourself. You can use `habits -h` to find the available command categories, and explore the commands from there.

If you encounter an issue, or have a new feature in mind as you are testing this app, please do not hesitate to [create an issue](https://github.com/lanyanxiang/habits-cli/issues).

Approaching the end of the testing period, you will receive two surveys. More information will be posted on this page when the surveys become available.

To answer the surveys, you will need your personal invitation code. You can run

```bash
habits invitation show
```

to retrieve this code from your terminal.

Happy testing!

## Testing Checklist

- To be posted

## Exit Survey

- To be posted

