# Release Plan v0.2

> Author: Jimmy Lan

As we are approaching the end of user testing for the Habits CLI `v0.1.239-alpha`, I'd like to thank everyone who participated in this round of testing and submitted user feedback, either directly or anonymously.

---

## Known Bugs in v0.1

Through testing efforts in the v0.1-alpha release, we identified a few medium- or high-priority bugs as follows:

1. The user is unable to enter floating point numbers. For example, with the following command
```bash
habits prop update -p 10.5
```

The program updates user points to `10` instead of `10.5`.

Issue link: https://github.com/lanyanxiang/habits-cli/issues/1.

This may also be the case for individual transactions.

Issue link: **To be Updated**.

2. The question prompt blinks frequently when user enters data on some terminals. Investigation into this issue is needed, and maybe a change in prompting library is required.

Issue link: **To be Updated**.

3. Issue with sign in & sign up: if a linux user does not have `libsecret` setup properly, then they will be blocked at log in or sign up time. We should make the error message more user-friendly.

Issue link: https://github.com/lanyanxiang/habits-cli/issues/8

## Feature Requests for v0.2

1. `habits tran ls` - Add a "compact display" option to show information in a less padded table. Link: https://github.com/lanyanxiang/habits-cli/issues/3.

2. `habits tran ls` - Display table in terminal full-screen mode, similar to how the program `less` show file contents. (Initial thoughts on this: maybe we can pipe the table to a program such as `less`.) Link: **To be Updated**.

3. Use a default title if the user does not specify one. In other words, we should make `title` input of a transaction optional for better user experience. Link: https://github.com/lanyanxiang/habits-cli/issues/2.

## Features from timeline planning for v0.2

1. Allow users to define custom property types. A user should be able to specify what properties that they want to use to motivate themselves. Currently, only a default property `points` is possible.
2. Allow users to specify an upper-bound on the amount of properties that they can obtain per day / week / month. Display this limit when transactions are added and possible deleted.

## Other features on timeline for versions post v0.2

* **Dailies (repetitive tasks)** - Allow users to define custom daily tasks. These tasks can be completed repeatedly over the duration of a day (or a user-defined duration). The users may specify what to reward once a certain number of times this daily is completed.
