# Change Logs (Habits CLI v0.2)

> Version v0.2-alpha of Habits CLI.
> Distributed via `npm`.

## Overview

* Allow users to customize properties, and allow multiple properties to be defined.
* Add autocomplete prompt, together with a smart results sorting algorithm, to support property selection.
* Make updates to existing `property` and `transaction` command.
* New commands: `habits property create`, `habits property remove`, and `habits property list`. The corresponding
  aliases are also registered.
* Remove command: `habits property show`, as it's no longer applicable.

## New Features

* **Add a property** (i.e., `habits property create`): Add a custom property with `name`, `details` _(optional)_,
  and `in stock` limits _(optional)_ .
* **Remove a property** (i.e., `habits property remove`): Remove a custom property from existing properties.
* **List properties** (i.e., `habits property list`): List all properties.
* **Associate custom properties with transactions**: `habits transaction list` now supports filtering transactions based
  on a property.
* Autocomplete prompt for selecting properties.

## Development Related

* Add error handler and `RuntimeError` instance. The handler makes sure that whenever `RuntimeError` or an unknown error
  is thrown, a proper error message will be displayed and the program will terminate.
* Update `prompt` service to include an `autocomplete prompt`. Update the service to add a convenient helper.
* Make minor adjustments to `QuestionCommand`.

## Documentation Changes

* Add v0.2 change logs
* Add v0.2 demo document
* Adjust README.md to reflect the most recent conditions.
